hey thank you so much so i'm roman uh
see you at gorgeous so gorgeous is a
customer service platform for e-commerce
stores our mission is to make sure that
when you shop online you have an
exceptional customer experience
and so as you can see by the title of
the session we are primarily focused on
smbs
and so we are about 200 on the team and
based a little bit everywhere over the
world in san francisco toronto paris and
a few other cities
so
today we're going to talk about how to
get to 10 000 customers solely using
data
so the first thing i want to talk about
is uh the goal uh when your founder is
to uh yeah get to uh
get to be uh helping those customers
right and so
um
it's typically difficult to do the zero
to one like when you just get started
and you say hey i want to get my first
thousand customers and uh two years ago
i was at faster and did a session on
like how to do this uh this zero to one
and get to this thousand customer mark
and for us it was about 2 million ar at
the time
and so
what i want to do today is talk about
the journey from this thousand customer
mark to
the the 10 000 customer mark
by the way we have the the q a open so
if you have any any questions while uh i
i share things on this session don't
hesitate to uh to ask them field
directly and i'll answer as we could
and so my goal uh for you guys is to
share
some practical learnings like numbers
things that you can act on after this
webinar that can apply to your business
that can help you get to the the 10 000
customer mark
all right let's do it so before we dive
in i want to stress the three things you
need to get right if you want to get to
this 10 000 customers
the first thing is you need to build a
way to acquire customers in a repeatable
way and so that's all the go to market
engine marketing partnerships sales
and and then activation to get them to
use your product
once you do that you want to measure and
increase the value you deliver to its
customers
because as you bring them in obviously
like if you make them happy then that's
going to create the third point which is
a flywheel effect so you can leverage
the existing customers to bring even
more customers and keep acquiring
so we're going gonna focus on those
three things today
and uh and share a few of your learnings
on those topics
so the first thing i want to talk about
is that before you start acquiring
customers you want to have a good
understanding of
who your customers are where they are
and how you can find them
so i shared what we call the map
internally
that's what you can see on the side so
what we do is that we scrape a bunch of
data on the internet so for us we sell
mostly to shopify stores there are about
uh two million of them i think there's
about like 700k of them that are on our
on our tab and so that's what you can
see on that slide here
and so what we do is that we use tools
that help us uh get the list of
everybody who's in our temp
so those tools are stories which is a
provider of data on the on the
e-commerce stores there is uh this built
with as well that gives us
data about domains and the the
technographics that they use and then we
plug that into our crm which is hubspot
so that we know like who's
potentially a customer for us and then
where we stand on acquiring those
customers reflecting on the crm data
and so the beauty of um using uh data
and tools to uh make it happen is that
it's like a little bit like playing a
video game like you have the map that is
live and you can see like who's moving
where uh
are you doing like good efforts to
expand your footprint on the on the
market like what's paying off what's not
and so here is the way we segmented the
market
so we essentially built five segments
for that we used alexa rank which is a
measurement of traffic provided by uh by
amazon
and once we have the uh the alexa rank
we we split it into different buckets
so bucket one would be the biggest uh
merchants and bucket five being the
smallest ones
so we do that and and then we look at
what's the
what does each segment look like
so if you look at the first one for
example there are like 4 500 companies
uh and the smaller the smaller ones so
segment 5 would be like so the small
stores obviously there are plenty of
them so six hundred thousand there
and so the reason it's helpful is that
that gives us an idea of like hey if we
go a target uh segment one that has an
acv of ten thousand dollars here is
roughly the time that we can get here is
how we're performing in terms of sales
so let's say 30
so that's what we can expect from that
segment next year
uh another thing here that has been
super helpful is to look at where we are
in terms of market share so that's the
column you can see uh
towards the the end of the chart um
compared to a main competitor which is
zendesk and so you can see that for
example in
segment two and three we are like
halfway there compared to zendesk but
for uh segment one where like all the
big customers are we're not doing as
good of a job and so there's still like
some some room to grow in that segment
so the other thing uh that we can see is
uh the the deal creation rate um which
is how well we of uh we are um
essentially creating uh deals or
interacting with uh with merchants in
that segment so again um
that's the third column here and what
you can see is that there are some
segments that uh we are doing a really
good job at to get in touch with our
potential potential customers and there
are some segments where
it's not as good and there's room for
improvement
so the taking the first one as an
example versus the second one we're not
doing as good of a job as at creating
those deals for our sales team
through our marketing channels
and so there's room to grow and that
explains the lower market share
but the part that's interesting is that
based on the small sample size that we
have of customers on this first segment
we will say hey like the net dollar
retention is much higher on that part of
the market so um we are about to say if
we were to focus more resources there
this is what happened
the the downside here is that the
segment number one for us is not like
super big versus like two three are like
way bigger and so it turns out there's
more ar for us if we go focus on the
segments
so the reason i want to share that is
that i think it's super helpful as a go
to market leader to have a clear
understanding of what's going on in the
in the market live and so that's why i
think it's helpful for you guys to say
hey what are my sources of data
let me plug that into my crm live and
then we build this dashboard to uh
with the sql tool uh for us it's a size
edge you can use looker or tableau to
have this clear map of what's going on
at the market and then every board
meeting let's say every three months you
look at it and say hey this is the goals
that we set highs are positionally
moving
what's the difference versus last year
and then you can prioritize your efforts
based on that
so at this point we're not acquiring
customers but we are trying to
understand what's going on to uh make
sure that we prioritize our efforts in
specific areas
so that's my first practical piece of
advice build a map that's going to tell
you where to choose
so once we have the map the thing we
want to do is start thinking about each
of our go-to-market channels as an
engine
and so what an engine is is something
that takes inputs and converts them into
outputs
so your inputs can be
prospects they can be partners that you
work with they can be
information that a lead is buying from a
let's say a competitor tool or a tool
that integrates with you guys
and then the output would be value for
customers obviously and then ar for your
business
so what i want to talk about here is uh
two specific examples of how we scaled
the growth engine for a couple of
channels for us so again this session is
focused on
how to get to from a thousand to ten
thousand and so
i strongly believe that to go from that
step to the service that what you need
to do is probably launch one or two new
channels but the bulk of the results are
going to be provided by you scaling what
you have and what already works so
that's what i want to focus on
so i'll take two examples first one is
outbound and the second one is
partnerships
all right so let's talk about alba
so what outbound is is you identify some
people who can use your product and then
you find a way to engage with them and
convince them that your part is good
and so
when we were 2 million ar with a
thousand customers
outbound was probably like 10 of our
ar generation every month
and so we started thinking like what is
the way we can get alabama to get us to
this like 10x 10x meister
and so
there's a funnel if you think about it
so there's your your target companies
and then there is like
you need to find like the contacts that
those companies and then you just need
to start optimizing the messages that
you uh you send them and then you start
engaging those companies
so let's do a deep dive on all the steps
and figure out like what are some of the
ways that you can improve the efficiency
of your outbound engine at each of the
steps
so the first thing you want to do is
have a very clear understanding of the
target mark
so this is back to the map step like now
we know like what are the stores that we
want to go after what do they look like
we can like segment them by vertical
location etc and we can figure out like
what is the most interesting segment for
us is it the big stores small stores
depends on the strategy but at least you
have a clear understanding of what's the
potential of each of the segments that
are available on the market
once you've done that
well like one thing we can do better is
uh figuring out how to find contacts at
those companies
so typically when you have an sdr team
like what they're going to do is like go
prospect on linkedin use a bunch of
tools like in a pretty artisanal way
and so what we've done here is that
we've tried to
make it a process to find company
contacts that are interesting for your
business at the companies that you want
to target
so what we've done is um we've looked at
the tools
that
help you find those people so those
tools are typically pretty
straightforward like you give them a
domain and they give you a bunch of
email addresses
in return and you can specify the
persona if obviously you're working with
big companies
so what we've done there is a
list about like 10 tools that allows us
to do that and then we've built
what we call a waterfall which is
essentially a script that
starts with the cheaper tool it says hey
i want to find a customer sorry i want
to find prospects that let's say all
birds
in custom service like tell me who you
have and then that returns uh some
people and if that's we have more than
three we stop if we don't we go to the
next uh the second cheapest provider and
then the third and the fourth fifth and
so forth uh all um all the way until
we've done 10 of them and essentially
what we've done with that is that we've
managed to uh roughly triple the
amount of leads that we're able to
identify from the process
uh yes uh i didn't catch the tools you
mentioned kit is asking uh for the sales
reps to use um so the tools would be the
ones that are on the side so there is a
rocket ridge ever come tight clear beat
then we have an outsourced team that
does the manual research on 18 on the
website and there are about like five
other
other tools there
hunter being one of them
so it's about like identifying the tools
and then like figuring out like what are
the ones that generate the most uh
return for your business but the point i
want to stress here is that you don't
want your sales people to use the tools
what you want to do is to know who's
your market is and then run this
waterfall
among like
all your target market find those
contacts and then give that to your
salespeople because your script is going
to be more efficient uh than them at
finding the contacts so you don't want
to be spending time uh too much time
there and you want them to focus on what
they do best which is uh reaching out to
the company
so hopefully that's helpful
um
okay
second thing is once you've identified
the
the context that you want to go after
what you want to do is to start
optimizing the message that you're going
to send to those businesses because
obviously you can send them like the
vanilla like hey uh
here is the pain points that we uh
helped solve like this is what we can do
to help you guys during a demo
but there are much smarter way to do
that
so what we found is we we focus on the
having signals
of interest so for example uh from built
with we're able to figure out like hey
they use a recharge and recharge is a
subscription platform for e-commerce
that we integrate with and so when you
start choosing recharge you start
getting customer service requests back
to subscribers
and so what we do is that instead of
sending the vanilla email you say hey
like uh just notice use recharge you're
probably getting those three questions
from your subscribers uh and we know
like they can uh add up quite a bit and
uh turns out we integrate really well
with them and we can help you with those
questions
and guess what when you do that you get
about 2x return on the
the open rate and the the reply rate of
those emails
same story with linkedin what we found
is that uh when we were able to identify
uh that a champion
moved to a prospect so somebody was
using the product happy with the product
time to reach out to them and say uh hey
like uh you have gorgeous in your
previous company uh let's make sure you
keep loving it that you're at your next
company
and so that also works pretty well and
then you engage with the company
and so all in all uh what we're able to
uh to achieve with this is about 3x ar
over two years
by scaling each of those steps
and spending more time to essentially
like optimize them and make sure that we
get the most the most value out of it
so i'll pause and
respond to a few questions
platform used to track and measure all
of these data
um
so
there are a few components here so first
you want to feed the the your data
platform so these are the tools that i
was referring to in the at the beginning
so built with store leads
those types of things the the tools that
you see here rocket reacher bits to
enrich the contacts and that gives you
the
data about the tab
then you have another set of tools that
you connect which is everything in your
stack so that's your your crm your
customer success platform your marketing
tools uh your dog your webinars tools so
you
push everything to uh in our case
segment so segment is the tool that
builds the the unified profile of the of
the customer and then you push that to
your data warehouse and then from the
data warehouse you're able to build the
uh charts that are similar to what i was
showing here for example the map of your
customers
all right so hopefully that answers the
question if you have any follow up
questions like feel free to drop it in
the in the chat or in another question
here
all right so that's how we scale
outbound
the second example i want to share is
how you scale partnerships
so a little bit of context here is uh
we've built partnerships that uh that's
a gorgeous like pretty early on because
e-commerce is a space that's pretty
heavy on
agencies so there are plenty of agencies
all over the country that build websites
and we had some early traction there uh
getting to a thousand customers they
probably brought like two or three
hundred customers
and so same story here we asked
ourselves like what is the way we can
scale this uh this partnership channel
all the way to 10 000 customs
so let's break down the the channel here
so the first thing you want to do same
story here is let's understand the time
of a partnership
and so for that you can do a few things
first
you're probably not the company that has
the most partner in your space yet
so what you want to be spending your
time on is figuring out like who's
working with who among your existing
partners so you can identify
opportunities for collaboration
so in our case there were two
platforms that we scraped to identify
the partners first one is our the
platform we're around which is shopify
so they have a listing of uh maybe like
three 400 partners so we got some
partner names from that typically it's
just the name so then once you have the
name you need to use uh tools like
clearability from name to domain and
then domain to people
to identify who you can work with
um and then the other thing is everybody
in our space uses a tool called partner
page
but they have that page that says hey
here is everybody that we work with
and so what we do is that we scrape that
page for a bunch of partners to figure
out like who are the new customers that
they know sorry new partners that they
work with and then
if they are relevant to us make sure
that we add them to our map and start
engaging them
so that's the first step
optimize the way you understand like
who's in your partner ecosystem and who
you can work with
second step is about uh building more uh
building the partnership and making sure
it's as robust as possible
so here um
and i i think what you want to do is to
give first so you don't want to be
thinking about like hey like what is the
way and i can get leads like you want to
be thinking about like what is the way
you can provide more value to your
partners
we learned two things there the first
one is um
we we hired a bdr whose job is to send
leads to partners like that's their
full-time job
and so what they do is they go on csm
calls they ask
they get the csm to ask hey like what
are some of your problems right now and
then we define like okay like for
example they they want to generate more
revenue so are they considered sms
marketing no but we're interested in it
great we happen to have a partner their
name is attentive who does sms marketing
let us introduce you
and as you do that
your partner's gonna be like oh wow like
you're just sending me leads they are
like my number one partner i love
working with them let's reciprocate and
that's where you start getting value
here
the other way we give first is that we
do a whole lot of marketing with our
partners
so we do about uh one event a day which
is uh which is pretty intense and so
that helps the partners essentially like
attract their own leads and so we
provide the content we make it easy to
make it happen
and so this way uh the partners get
value out of the partnership
um one thing i want to stress is we use
a tool called crossbeam and so what
crossbit does is uh you upload your crm
the partner uploads their crm and then
that tells you hey here is the overlap
here are all the people that the partner
can introduce you to and here are all
the people that the partners trying to
connect with that you already know so
you leverage that
to
maximize the value of the partnership by
being very crisp on
who you want to go after
and so
third part obviously is that once you
have shared customers you want to make
sure they are super happy because that's
how you're going to get more customers
afterwards
and so i want to talk a little bit about
the impact this had so by optimizing all
the steps i just described we
increased the are by 6x over two years
from a thousand to ten thousand
customers so that has been one of the
key elements of uh of getting there
so yeah learning number two scale what
works by uh having this mindset of
tracking how you convert your inputs
into outputs and then optimize each of
the steps of that engine
all right so i'll take a quick look at
the questions there's how effective is
outbound and what acv segment is more
effective
um highs the top funnel to conversion
ratio
so lots of questions here so outbound
and high effective uh
is it
it's about 10 of our ar today uh so that
that gives you an idea and that's like
pure uh pure uh outbound like sometimes
what's reduced we also combine the
outbound with the partnerships so for
example if we want to go after uh say
all birds one of the biggest stores on
shopify and they happen to work with an
hrc we'll try to connect with the agency
to get the the intro and uh and combine
that approach so that's high
effectivities i think it's a pretty good
channel for for most of the b2b sas apps
so i highly recommend it here
what acv segment is more effective
uh it's it's very easy to get the answer
to that question you just like take that
slide and this is the actual data so you
just like do the whole math of companies
times close rates times acv and then
look at nr and you see like what's
what's working best so far as like the
segments that are producing the most uh
bringing the most customers are sigmund
two and three uh where we need to
improve is segment one but it's not as
big as the other two and three so like
right now the most effective is
definitely the like two to four k cv uh
segment
and uh top of funnel conversion ratio um
so we we measure sql to close and that's
the close rate i'm sharing here
uh but on those particular numbers we
exclude people that are what we call
non-qualified so
they
their store is not
live or like a bunch of criterias like
this
but if you want to get the actual
metrics you just like start from that
slide we're going to share it after the
session
and then you'll have all of the data
by the way uh i know we supposed to uh
finish after 30 minutes but i think i'm
going to take the questions as we go
this way they are they are relevant to
the site so
hopefully that's okay with everybody
here
um
there's another question when we talk
about partnerships do you think there is
an ideal time to start investing in
partnerships is there an accomplishment
example
cr i'm sorry i don't know what cr
conversion rate maybe
that indicates that companies is ready
to invest in partnerships
so
definitely if uh
you want to have at least uh some proof
of product market before your your
invest there because uh otherwise you
just need to focus on your product
um
so
for sure you need product market so say
about 100 customers at least if you're
an smp and then what is the right time
to do it so you need to think about a
couple of things partnerships take about
a year to uh to build i would say and so
if you make the decision now like you're
going to get results like meaningful
results probably like towards the end of
2022 uh let's say q2q4 and then like the
real thing is going to come
in 2023. so there's a lag between like
because you need to get the partners to
know you and then start to trust you and
when they trust you you start working
with them so think about that it's just
something that's going to take time for
example i know that zendesk that is a
billionaire business is uh used to have
like two or three percent of their
revenue from partnerships so pretty slim
i think
and uh and now they're like hey like we
want to double down because like
businesses like hubspot uh probably have
like 25 to 50 revenue from partnerships
so it can be definitely a big channel um
so essentially i think you what you need
to do is to do a bit of research and
figure out like am i in a
partnership driven space
who would be the potential partners are
they already uh
working closely with uh like similar
apps or similar businesses than ours and
then if that's the case you probably
should invest early i actually did a
assassin's session on that about a year
ago uh sharing your journey with
partnerships so um yeah feel free to
check it out for more details but i
think the the learning here is that it
takes one year it takes a full-time
person who's just going to focus on that
and uh and it pays pretty uh pretty high
dividends so i would definitely
invest in partnerships early
if it's a fit for your business because
uh
it's a flywheel and it's super effective
uh all right a few more questions on how
bound
oh and so live who output messaging did
you have a conversion copywriter on your
team to help with messaging
so i think that's one of the mistakes
that we
have made is uh on the uh on the
outbound is uh
the this uh
what i'm showing on the side is mostly
driven by uh
dimension people who have more of a
engineer mindset of optimizing
the steps by building scripts by looking
at conversion rates and there are and
they are not like super like product
driven and that's what we're doing right
now is to uh make the album machine more
product specific
so
i would probably have a if you have a
product expert in the company who can
spend a month on this you can probably
like deliver a whole lot of value uh
like get 80 of it in just over the
course of one month so i would focus on
that
tiebo is asking what's the rtv level you
need to digest the cost of the two
methods uh so those two methods are
about uh
one to one uh sales and marketing to ar
so that means uh you recover the cost of
go to market after one year so i mean as
long as you have a you don't have 100 12
months churn uh you're good
so
yeah like it's it's not that expensive
uh to be honest and i think the the
scalable uh aspect is uh helps a lot
there if you
essentially you can either like throw
people at the the problem if you have
high acvs that works really well if you
have low acvs then you need to start
thinking about optimizing in our case we
have a an atv of like about 3k so we
need to uh we need to optimize and be a
super
cognizant of the efficiency of the whole
thing
uh should we keep recycling the same
cohort of outbound
laxman is asking or trying to find new
segments trial and error
so
if your time small
you're not going to have a choice if
your time is huge that's going to help
so in our case
i think we recycle the whole thing every
four quarters
and that being said uh is expanding so
there are new leads that are available
every year every year but now it's like
the growth of the space has slowed down
a little bit so not as many
um so yeah i would say about every year
the thing is
we looked at how often our prospects are
changing uh hell desks i think it's
about every three years so that means
like every three years like people are
gonna be uh interested in making a
purchase decision so
cereal they are like and there are some
extreme cases where they change every
year so i think it's okay to
refresh every year but it's probably
correlated with the how fun they change
tools and if you want to get this
information like how often they change
tools you just go back to your map and
say hey who was on zendesk last year
who's on zest now and then you get your
answer and then you can track that over
time and see how often they rotate the
tools
okay all
right
thanks for the answer for uh anonymous
attendee do you invest in ads uh we do
um we
mostly bring that's probably like 50 of
our ads revenue ads is about 10 15 of
our er
um
we've we've tried it's uh
generating some revenue for sure like
the incremental like non-branding stuff
uh but for us it was very much of a
quick win like we launched the ad we had
some success there uh what has been
helpful on the ad side is uh it's not
something i'm talking about on this
slide is plugging in the linkedin and uh
and doing these uh emails on linkedin as
a second way to do album that has i
think like probably provided a lift of
like 30 40
by doing that so it's technically ads
and they can serve existing channels and
not only the channel
all right
so
yeah i'm gonna get back to where we were
um so yeah so we spoke about scaling the
channels that are working
outbound and partnerships so hopefully
that part was uh helpful
now what i want to talk about is the
second part so first one was let's
acquire the customers fill in the top of
the funnel and second is uh what you
want to do is like when you bring
customers to your products how do you
make sure that you make them happy so
that you then uh build the flywheel
effect of those customers like talking
about you guys and then like referring
people to your product
so let's get into that
so i think
when you are super focused on data one
thing you can
you can do that's very valuable is to
start thinking about what is success
what is performance for for your
customers
and so for us
again we build the customer service
platform we went out and asked our
customers like how do you measure your
own success
and so it was pretty unanimous like
there's all this first response time
satisfaction from customers okay great
so now we know
who's successful among our customers and
who's not
and so what we did is we built a score
from one to five we call it the customer
experience for and then we we segment
our customer base so we say okay like we
have a few customers uh that are doing
super well at providing support uh it's
about three percent of our customers
that are like five out of five which is
like very fast response time very high
satisfaction and then the bulk of it is
somewhere in the middle like two out of
five roughly um and then so we have this
uh we have uh so those 10 000 customers
there's a
again like three percent are really good
and then uh like let's say like six
seven thousand that like need some
coaching and like a couple thousands
that need a lot of coaching
um and so what we did there is uh we
spent uh our time figuring out like what
are the the things that correlate with a
great performance for our customers at
uh providing a great customer experience
to their shoppers
and so what we found is that there are a
bunch of things that matter so one they
need to offer chat and so to offer chat
you need to uh staff up into like
five six people who are available to
chat with your customers live uh you
need to do some routing of your your
customer support tickets and you need to
use macros just a couple of examples
obviously there's more but i think the
exercise is
try to understand what is success for
your customers
and what are some of the ways that you
as a business can help
and so this data data-driven approach
looks like this for customers
so this is an example of
one of our customers united by blue
they sell uh
products that are respectful of the
environment
and
they've been super interesting because
they went from uh they were two out of
five uh in terms of a customer
experience score to five in the last few
weeks
and so the way we try to coach them to
to get to this high performance with our
product is that we look at what are the
the different ways that they use our
product so for example like are they
using chat a lot because we know that if
they use chat a lot their customers are
going to be happy and that's going to
yield to a higher perception of
quality customer experience for their
customers
and so
we essentially built a playbook uh
half of it is through the csms so we we
have the csm common to the the business
reviews that say hey i know this is your
two out of five here are the three
things you need to do to get to a three
and then repeat get to four and a five
after that so that has been pretty uh
pretty effective and then the other
thing that we've done is uh we use the
tools like uh app cues or can do dot
that essentially allow us to add
elements to the product to coach our
customers so a simple example would be
there's a level bar that says hey you're
level two
here is how you get to level five you
have the three action items and we show
that in the product so when i'm a
gorgeous customer i log in and then i i
clearly see okay like this is how i'm
doing compared to my peers this is how i
get to the next level and then we have
this score that is like visible to the
csms the customers
to show them like how good of a job they
are doing with the product
and so
the reason i think it's important is uh
as you bring those customers like you
obviously want to maximize the value
that you delivered to them and so that's
what it looks like for us like i i share
that at the beginning emissions to
empower all merchants to deliver an
exceptional customer experience and how
we've been delivering is through this uh
uh customer experience score uh coaching
our customers to to get there
same philosophy as uh
as what we were sharing with partners
you want to give first like your product
should be focused on on serving
customers and not only on acquiring them
obviously
and so i want to share a bit of the
results of having that score uh so we
were able by saying uh to product
engineering success and uh and
and support to to focus on these goals
uh after one year we increased the
customer experience score from two out
of five on average to three out of five
so pretty pretty solid improvement there
and so what i think this
what i learned there is that
if you find a way to measure success for
your customers and then share that
everywhere in your company
like what you measure is gonna move
because that's gonna align all the
efforts behind it and uh here's the
results after one year we've been able
to achieve significant uh improvements
for our customers and that's something
that i'm
super proud of and i'm proud of that in
there
um
so i have a question can you share more
about the elements of your customer
experience score so far as yes it's
first response time uh resolution time
and satisfaction we found that those are
the metrics our customers uh care about
the most that being said as we over time
as we start like right now personalized
support later on we want to speak with
the marketing personas and other people
in the business then we want to probably
add
new parameters to this that measure the
customer experience um so
the playbook is relatively simple like
ask your customers what uh what they
think is the metric that they wanna
sorry
all right so
and i want to talk a little bit about
the impact that it has
it turns out like if you have successful
customers the nr is going to be much
better so in return like as you think
about like acquiring and keeping those
10 000 customers
having this philosophy of saying hey
like once they get in the door how do we
bring value to them is what's going to
help you the most because you'll find
ways to
keep the customers that you brought to
to stay longer
so yeah conclusion they retain about 20
better if they have a higher um
customer experience score
so yeah that's the third point i wanted
to make is uh it's not only about
acquiring customers it's also about
measuring the customer success and then
find what are some of the ways you can
you as a business improve the success of
the of the customers
alrighty so
once you have that
uh it's time to leverage it so if you
think about
um
your company so it's a bit of a it's a
system right you have one part that
queries the customers another part that
makes the customers happy and then once
you have that you can re-feed the
acquire of our
and so what we've done based on the the
improvements of the the customer
experience score is that we find the
people that are the most successful and
then we ask them to promote us and bring
more people to our platform
so here is what we've done there so the
first thing is we try to identify those
success moments so a success moment
could be when you leave a review
on g2 or when you complete a course in
our university program which is hosted
on a work ramp when you find a new job
similar to what we're talking about in
outbound we identify that via linkedin
and say hey like you did so great at
your previous company and were able to
achieve like those great results
let's uh let's partner together at your
new company to to to work uh on getting
the same results
um other types of success moments can be
like when they uh level up uh in their
customer experience score
uh we we can also like tell them hey
like congratulations share that on the
on linkedin on twitter tell your peers
and so once we have that like first step
is you identify like when to ask
for the referral and then second step is
uh
you you create some incentives so
incentives for us where we offer uh an
iphone if you if you refer us to
customers so if you just do the math and
iphone's like a thousand dollars it is
3k
and then you have a nr that is like
around like 90 90 so it's like super
worth it uh because your iphone is
essentially your cac for the the new
customers there
and uh what i want to share here is uh
what you can see on the right is what is
the impact of that and so what we were
able to do is uh get the referrals from
zero to five percent of the new ar that
we had after two years i think it's
still pretty early uh but that has
become a pretty uh big channel that
brings customers every month so being
this essentially this flywheel effect of
making the customers happy and once you
succeed at doing that feed that again
into your your acquisition engine
all right
so yeah here is uh my last piece of
advice is
focus once you've found ways to uh to
generate this value for customers use
that to accelerate the flywheel
so top takeaways from this session that
you can apply uh today in your business
is one um
before all of this
build a data-driven culture in your
company very early on because it's much
much harder to do it afterwards by doing
two things one is building all the
infrastructure collect the data store it
in your warehouse
have a database visualization tool to
look at all this information and then
the second thing is empower your team so
when we were small i was the one like
coaching new hires on the this is how
you can leverage the data to make
decisions now what we've done is that we
have our ops team uh who's responsible
for it we have a sql classes we uh
essentially make it a part of the the
carrier ladder like if you want to like
step up and become a manager you need to
prioritize your ideas to prioritize your
ideals you need to look at data look at
data you need to have a good
understanding of the whole stack
that's a piece of advice number one
number two is build that clear map of
your ecosystem uh happy to help there if
you have questions but then the idea is
to
scrape a bunch of data on uh who's your
potential target and then build that map
to understand where to focus your
efforts
three is take what's working on the
on the go to market side and improve the
efficiency uh between three to five x ar
increase over over two years from the
existing channels by refining uh all of
those steps and getting more value out
of them four is track the ri of your
product for your customers and make sure
you set that as the north star of the
product engineering org so this way
you're not shipping features what you
are doing or you're not like shipping
trying to get usage what you're doing is
like you you're essentially building
things to help your customers get better
at the metric that they care about and i
think that creates a very solid
alignment there again after we launched
that in january 25
improvement to that measure
um
last is uh once you have all of these
focus on this flywheel effect and that
can be a five percent booster to your ar
after uh two years and i think it's
still pretty small for us like there's
probably potential to make it bigger
uh all right thank you so much uh i
share some of these things on twitter
and linkedin if you wanna if you wanna
follow me on those uh those channels
hopefully that was helpful and you
learned a few things that are applicable
to your business
and so now i'm going to pause and look
at the questions a little bit
all right
so
first question is what scaling tactics
didn't work along your journey to 10 000
customers
so uh let's see
so i think
if i take a step back the things that
didn't work are the things that we uh
we didn't like massively invest on and
we just did like some small experiments
here and there and uh so what comes to
mind is for example we focus on shopify
right now
it's about like 95 of our business and
we're starting to go on magento and
e-commerce and build those partnerships
there and i i think one of the things
that's challenging is that the whole
company is so focused on triple that you
need to find ways to say hey if we go on
this other ecosystem
it's okay that it's not going to be as
efficient as uh the shopify go to market
for uh sometime
and uh what we've done there is um
we built some integrations to partners
uh that for uh that were okay but not
amazing and then we had some people that
were focusing on both on shopify and on
big commerce and obviously like they
kept
spending their time on shopify because
that's what allowed them to hit quota
the
easiest way so i would say um this is
probably a an ownership problem we
should have a person that who owns the
the go to market for that specific
platform have different quotas and uh
has more time to figure it out that's a
mistake we learned from about a year ago
and we we've been changing that and now
things are in a much better spot
um so yeah that's that's one learning
let's see another failure was uh working
with the
on the partnership side working with the
vcs that focus uh we focus on the dark
to consumer brands
so we hired a time we hired a person to
focus on that full time and what we
found is like it was just like 200 kr
300 kr per year so not enough to justify
a full-time focus there
and so we
like
bundled it with something else and and
focused on that but uh yeah essentially
we have high hopes initially it was
working pretty well and then over time
like diminishing returns
that being said i think uh i saw like
kiki ferrara he's uh he's building a
negotiator of a 600 store so i think
there's there's a bit of a it's taking
off again and there might be a chance to
to get into this one but sometimes you
just do an experiment it doesn't work
that's fine move on to the next one
what's important to keep exploring
um next question is do you work with
inbound leads and product leads what is
the ratio
what do you think about these sources to
smb accounts
so
yeah so
we consider all of them as inbound leads
and
and so what we do is that we have this
uh the scoring system that tells us hey
they are 1k cv in that case they're not
touched by cells or they are like 3k
plus hdbs in that case sales is going to
work them and that's going to create a
deal in our crm hubspot where they're
going to
like essentially engage with them book a
demo and so forth
um and so we have about 20 of our
revenue that comes from the the product
leads that we don't engage with and 80
that comes from the blend of uh inbound
leads for storage keys that we do engage
with
um so yeah these are the the ratios that
being said i think one of the struggles
we've had there is uh our self team is
very focused on the sales piece so the
the demo the interaction lecturing the
value and not so focused on the
self-service experience
and um
reflecting on this a little bit i think
it's worth having uh probably like
splitting those two and having a a
leader dedicated to the self-service
experience so that you maximize the
value that you provide out of that and
the close rates that you get
all right and we have table we're saying
uh
the same for our software i think you
you're talking about the customer
experience score tip build a set of
tasks your customers need to do so yeah
similar to
our approach there and then automate as
much as you can it's great customer
experience for them 100 i think it's so
what's interesting with this uh customer
experience score and using your product
to coach uh customers to to improve that
score is that it's it's a bit new right
like for for sas there is typically the
the checklist for onboarding and then
you have the stats of the product and
that's it like go figure it out
sometimes that's the guided tour
but there's not very
there's not a whole lot of this
consultative approach of saying uh this
is where you are now this is how you get
to the next step besides what the csm is
not doing and so i i think that's one
part of sense i'm really excited about
is that you put the csm knowledge inside
the product and use the product as a way
to coach you um
latis does a pretty good job at that on
on the one-on-ones and saying you know
hey like this is what you think about
from your one-on-ones with your team uh
you should also talk about that
that part's interesting so yeah that's
the part i'm really bullish on and i
would so that's one learning i would
stress is empower your customer success
team to have access to the product like
don't make it this sacred uh area that
they can't touch so that they can run
experiments on the subset of your
customers learn what works and then
enjoy
[Music]
you